README.md, before:

# `sudao`

Welcome to your new `sudao` project and to the Internet Computer development community. By default, creating a new project adds this README and some template files to your project directory. You can edit these template files to customize your project and to include your own code to speed up the development cycle.

To get started, you might want to explore the project directory structure and the default configuration file. Working with this project in your development environment will not affect any production deployment or identity tokens.

To learn more before you start working with `sudao`, see the following documentation available online:

- [Quick Start](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/deploy-locally)
- [SDK Developer Tools](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/install)
- [Motoko Programming Language Guide](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/motoko)
- [Motoko Language Quick Reference](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/language-manual)

## Quick Start

If you haven't installed IC SDK and mops already, please install it first.

1. [IC SDK Install Guide](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/motoko/install). You can install the motoko vscode extension as well.
2. [mops Install Guide](https://j4mwm-bqaaa-aaaam-qajbq-cai.ic0.app/docs/install). Make sure you run `mops install` in the end.

If you want to start working on your project right away, you might want to try the following commands:

```bash
cd sudao/
dfx help
dfx canister --help
```

## Running the project locally

If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

If you have made changes to your backend canister, you can generate a new candid interface with

```bash
npm run generate
```

at any time. This is recommended before starting the frontend development server, and will be run automatically any time you run `dfx deploy`.

If you are making frontend changes, you can start a development server with

```bash
npm start
```

Which will start a server at `http://localhost:8080`, proxying API requests to the replica at port 4943.

### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`DFX_NETWORK` to `ic` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` in the autogenerated declarations
  - Setting `canisters -> {asset_canister_id} -> declarations -> env_override to a string` in `dfx.json` will replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` with the string in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor

Commit message:

fix: broken be import, add readme and fe integration example

README.md, after:

# `sudao`

Welcome to your new `sudao` project and to the Internet Computer development community. By default, creating a new project adds this README and some template files to your project directory. You can edit these template files to customize your project and to include your own code to speed up the development cycle.

To get started, you might want to explore the project directory structure and the default configuration file. Working with this project in your development environment will not affect any production deployment or identity tokens.

To learn more before you start working with `sudao`, see the following documentation available online:

- [Quick Start](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/deploy-locally)
- [SDK Developer Tools](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/install)
- [Motoko Programming Language Guide](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/motoko)
- [Motoko Language Quick Reference](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/language-manual)

## Quick Start

If you haven't installed IC SDK and mops already, please install them first. This applies to both BE and FE.

1. [IC SDK Install Guide](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/motoko/install). You can install the motoko vscode extension as well.
2. [mops Install Guide](https://j4mwm-bqaaa-aaaam-qajbq-cai.ic0.app/docs/install). Make sure you run `mops install` in the end.

If you want to start working on your project right away, you might want to try the following commands:

```bash
cd sudao/
dfx help
dfx canister --help
```

## Running the project locally

If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

Any subsequent changes to BE need to redeploy the canisters.

Always don't forget to run the replica! If you encounter `Error: You are trying to connect to the local replica but dfx cannot connect to it` then you need to start the replica again.

### Note for FE integration

BE interface can be imported by
```ts
import { sudao_backend } from "declarations/sudao_backend";
```
Example:
```ts
const greeting = await sudao_backend.greet("hello");
alert(greeting);
```
If typescript cannot find the source, you can run the following command to generate the interface:
```bash
dfx generate
```

Whenever backend have changed, you need to redeploy the backend if you want to test it.

```bash
dfx deploy
```

> `dfx deploy` will automatically generate interface as well, so you don't have to run `dfx generate`


### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`DFX_NETWORK` to `ic` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` in the autogenerated declarations
  - Setting `canisters -> {asset_canister_id} -> declarations -> env_override to a string` in `dfx.json` will replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` with the string in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor
